What are you thinking about?
About being Liz's watcher.
Liar. I know you're thinking about Laval.
I'm not lying.
Both are necessary if I want
to be a true villainess.
Ali-Ali!
You smell so nice again today!
M-Mel...
Hands off Alicia.
Just get to the point.
'Kay!
In that case...
I found out the Saint's secret.
Her secret?
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the Saint
I've been looking into Liz Cather's
abnormal popularity for a while now
on my master's orders.
And I finally discovered
that there's a type of magic called
"Charm" that only the Saint can use.
Charm magic? I've never heard of that.
We finally found mention of it in an old
book written in the ancient language.
According to the book,
Charm magic is a special power
that only the Saint can possess.
That's why you hear... legends?
Memoirs? About the Saint
that say she brings happiness to
everyone's lives just by being present.
It's such a dumb story, right?
So in other words, Liz has
been using that magic?
Most likely, though not consciously.
What the heck?
People can resist the spell if they
have strong mana and willpower,
but if they don't, they fall for it easily.
So that's why I felt sympathy for
Liz Cather in that moment...
Alicia and I have powerful
mana, so when you're near us,
we can protect you together.
Just don't approach her alone.
But wouldn't that mean
the girls who were badmouthing
Liz have strong mana?
They didn't seem that way...
Oh, those dumb girls?
Yeah, their mana isn't even
all that strong. It's weird.
Come to think of it, they supported Liz
while Alicia was away from the academy.
But, apparently, when Liz first
enrolled here, they hated her.
Really? So they just keep switching sides?
They've gotta be unstable...
Speaking of unstable, there's Jane, too.
I know she's an ardent Liz follower,
but setting traps and cutting other
people's hair because she doesn't like them?
She didn't used to be the type
to have ideas like that.
So Liz's magic is working too well
and driving her out of control?
Maybe Liz is the one who's out of control.
Maybe her Charm was affecting
everyone evenly up until now,
but then something threw it off-balance.
That would explain what's been going on.
That's true.
So... can this magic be stopped?
I don't know...
But if she's using it unconsciously...
There was nothing in the
book about how to stop it.
Maybe someone just has to develop
some doubts about Liz?
Huh?
That's what set me free from it.
Liz's reasoning is all over the place.
When I explained things to everyone
in the right order, they...
They...
wouldn't listen at all.
I guess there's no way it'd be that easy.
Maybe we should just tie everyone to chairs,
and hold them prisoner until
the spell wears off?
That sounds fun!
In what way?!
I wouldn't mind being held prisoner
if you were the one doing it.
Wha—Why?!
Didn't I tell you? It'd make me honest.
Ali-Ali's so easy when it's my
master she's dealing with!
Now I think I might know why
Liz's magic turned unstable.
Yeah, I get it. After seeing this...
Ahem!
In that case, we should talk to
Liz and make her aware of this.
What? You too?
Yeah.
Duke asked me, "Doesn't anything
Liz says make you question her?"
Even Duke?
He told us, "Don't let Liz deceive you."
But I'm not deceiving anyone!
Why would he...
It's Alicia's fault!
She's spreading a baseless rumor because
she knows she can never beat you!
Relax, Liz! You've done nothing wrong!
Thank you all.
But why would Alicia...
Do you think I should try
talking to her more?
You should keep your distance
from her right now.
I'll talk to her.
Don't worry, Liz.
Thank you.
Liz...
Alicia, we need to talk.
Stop spreading these
baseless lies about Liz.
Excuse me?
I know what you're up to.
You're trying to use lies
to make us leave Liz
so she'll end up isolated, aren't you?
But the bond we have won't
break that easily.
Give it up.
What, now? How did it come to this?
Brother Albert, it might do
me no good to tell you this,
but you're mistaken.
I came here to talk to Liz.
No. I can't let you have anything
further to do with Liz.
Liz has been so bravely thinking about
whether she should talk to you,
but we won't permit her to
be hurt any further!
Well, they're hopeless.
They're getting the full effect
of the Saint's spell.
All to protect Liz... That means...
Why don't we just leave them be?
The magic might just wear
off on its own somehow.
No, we can't wait that long.
We need to do something about this
before Liz Cather graduates.
That's true too...
But I want to hurry.
Alicia?
I'll take care of it.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
We hotties will be the
ones to deal with you!
We love Liz!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Ali-Ali and Mel-Mel pairing
would be so jiggly and
bouncy and hot and—
And that's how we got rid of the problem.
Sure was weird.
Duke...
Liz, mind if I join you?
Huh? Yes, of course you can!
You can sit here, Duke.
Um... just you, Duke?
Where are Alicia and Henri?
I don't want to hear you say
another man's name right now.
O-Okay...
Is this really gonna work?
Duke using his wiles on her?
It'll be fine.
I've seen those smooth lines of
Duke's over and over in the game.
Right now, I bet he's saying...
You always try to treat everyone equally.
So is it a crime if I want
to have you all to myself?
...or something like that to her!
I would've liked to see it in person...
Huh? What was that?
Nothing. Forget about it.
What do you think those two
are gonna talk about?
Curious?
Oh! This is your...
Alicia.
I'm sorry for tricking you.
I figured it was the only way to get you
to have a proper talk with Alicia.
I see.
What did you want to talk
about, Alicia, dear?
Liz, I want you to stop using your spell.
The Charm spell that you're
using without realizing it.
What are you talking about?
I'm not using a spell.
As I said, you don't realize it.
It's described here as magic
only the Saint can possess.
You can't prove that I've been
using a spell like this!
Liz, you didn't want to see me in
the cafeteria today, did you?
That's why you had Albert
stall me while you ran away.
I didn't run away! I wanted to talk to you!
But Albert and the others said I should
keep my distance from you right now.
Maybe that was what you really wanted.
What do you mean?
Liz, didn't you say before
that you're a very lucky girl?
That's only because the
people under your spell
were working to make your wishes come true.
You became "lucky" as a result.
Am I wrong?
You are!
Am I really?
Do you think it's normal for no one
around you to tell you their opinions?
Stop speaking ill of them!
I became friends with Albert and the others
because we got to know each other!
But the way Albert thinks about you
is not the same as the
way you think about him.
You've realized that, haven't you?
And it's not just Albert.
Have you really never questioned the ardent
devotion so many people have for you?
Then... why don't you like me, Duke?
If I was using such ridiculous
magic, you'd like me too!
Duke, I like you.
I love you!
Why must you look at me that way?
I didn't obtain the powers of
the Saint because I wanted to.
And yet...
When I was suddenly enrolled
in a school for nobles,
it was such a different world
for me. I was so scared.
But then I met you.
I've tried so hard all this time
to be the Saint everyone wanted.
Someone worthy of this power—
worthy of being with you.
So why...
Even she knew she was just playing
the part of the ideal Saint.
All the strange things she said and did
were purely in pursuit of that ideal.
Who she is inside never matched it.
I care about you more than Alicia does.
If I'd met you before Alicia did,
would you have loved me?
I still would have loved Alicia.
I see.
Did Prince Duke just make such a major
proclamation like it was nothing?
I hate you.
You're always so confident, you
know how to take initiative...
and above all, Duke loves you.
I've thought so many times that
if only you weren't around—
Stay away from my sister!
Everyone... Why...
My respect for you was my own
conscious decision... I think.
But right now, I care more about
protecting my sister than about you.
The spell wore off?
I don't know how I feel.
Were you really using Charm magic?
That's how you see me, too?
I've tried so hard all this time...
but the one I love doesn't love me,
and all the people I thought loved
me were only under a spell?
All of that is your own fault!
What else was I supposed to do?!
No one ever taught me anything
about being the Saint,
yet everyone just keeps
calling me the Saint!
Don't make me bear all that alone!
If this was the game,
as long as the heroine had love,
she'd get the happy ending.
But this is reality.
It takes more than love
and romance to survive.
Don't act like a spoiled child.
The ideal Saint that everyone wanted?
You're wrong.
There's no point if you don't
pursue your own ideals.
Whether you're the Saint
or not, you're still you.
All you need to think about
is your own happiness.
Don't even pay attention to
the masses who want a Saint!
But still, I...
Thanks, Liz.
Thank you, Liz!
Miss Liz, thank you so much!
Even if they're fake right now,
I want to see everyone
smiling for real one day.
And that's your real self.
This is why I saw you as a worthy rival.
I could never be like you.
Alicia, dear...
Time won't wait.
Hurry up and become
the Saint you want to be
so you can get back at me.
You're right.
Sorry if you find the
Saint I become annoying.
Bring it on.
Jeez! I've loved you all this time,
and that all died in a heartbeat.
I wanted my profession of
love to be more romantic.
Sorry, Liz,
but Alicia is the one I...
He really was just casually
proclaiming his love for me?!
I've known all along that you
only had eyes for Alicia.
But you were just too
charming to give up on.
I'll be borrowing this book.
Can you read it?
Of course. Academics are
my thing, you know.
Since I don't have anyone
to enjoy tea with anymore,
I'll use the time to improve myself.
Is that the real Liz Cather?
I like this version of her a lot more.
Alicia.
Yes?
About that other matter.
Is tonight all right?
Yes.
Duke. What did you want
to discuss at this hour?
There's someone here who wishes to see you.
B-Brother... It can't be...
You would still call me your brother?
Where have you been all this
time? And your eye...
I thought the king hated Grandpa Will.
He may have at one time,
but things are different now.
He wouldn't have that painting
of him on the wall otherwise.
There was a clear mark where
it had been taken down once.
I think something probably happened
between the king and his mother.
So I doubt Grandpa Will
is in any danger now,
even after returning to the castle.
I can guarantee my uncle's safety.
And if we can prove the charges
against him were false,
we'll be able to set Roana free in no time.
Huh?
I had Rebecca look into it,
and there's currently no one in
Roana who was exiled for crimes.
I had no idea you'd looked
that far into it.
There's no reason to keep the
village isolated anymore.
It'll be free soon.
That's great...
That's great! Thank you, Alicia!
I didn't do anything.
That's not true. My father's
grateful to you, too.
For what you've done... and for the eye.
I'm sure he'll reward you.
What would you like?
A reward from the king?!
Then...
I'd like to take a break from
being Liz's watcher for a while.
Huh? Why?
The instability in Liz's charisma at school
will likely correct itself in time.
Once that happens, she'll be able
to learn from others besides me.
Having faith and watching over
her will help her grow, too.
Therefore, I'd like to distance
myself from her for a while.
Alicia...
All right. I'll inform my father.
Thank you.
And...
when can I expect your
response to my confession?
I don't care what anyone else thinks.
But when it's you...
I... You...
I don't need an answer right now.
But tell me someday, all right?
Couldn't sleep? Because of Duke?
Th-That's not...
I mean, you're not wrong...
Is that honesty?
It's pretty obvious to me
what my feelings are.
But, I...
Duke?
Prince Duke?
Who are you?